# Cystic-Nerve-and-The-Human-Soul
Does the human soul live in the cystic duct? The cystic duct looks like a spiral or a coil. Dr. Correo Hofstad believes this coil reads electronic signals in cortisol sent from the brain during stressful situations. The body sends cortisol to the gallbladder every time a stressful situation happens, and the gallbladder sends back nerve responses to the brain.

At Fred Hutch, when a gall bladder is transplanted with a cystic duct during a liver transplant, the recipient begins to act like the donor. The recipient will believe that they have been taken and put in someone else's body. The spoken language of the recipient will change to the native tongue of the donor. The person will call the phone numbers of the donor's friends who the recipient has never met.

In cases of human trafficking, victims have lost a gall bladder and cystic duct and received it back via able law enforcement agencies. When the victim gets their cystic duct back after years in another person, they can tell us everything that they have done in the recipient's body.

If the controller of the being is the cystic nerve, and cortisol makes up the mass of the soul, what does this mean? The cystic nerve connects to the umbilical cord. Researching these connections may explain the existence of instincts passed from a mother to her child before birth. A mother's cortisol may be trained by programming her offspring as a fetus.

If a mother's cortisol stress and response signals can be used as programming for a child as a fetus within her womb, then science has much to learn about the language of code used by the brain and the human body. Does cortisol use binary, hexadecimal, octal, BCD, Grey code, or some other programming language to process stress in cortisol and deliver a response back to the brain?

Are gut feelings the response to cortisol stressors? Are the left and right brains in the third and fourth intestines? The brain breaks down glucose and pumps the waste into the spinal column and the liver. Dr. Hofstad proposes that the cystic nerve serves as an encoder and decoder for communication between neural networks in the brain and gut. One thing is for sure: there is an important lesson to learn from every stressful situation. Be careful how you react to stress and trauma. Your reactions may become programming for you and the next generation of your offspring.
